.LOG

5:35 PM 9/11/2013

Knighted WBS addedd to the Technology tab.
Form submission problems have been resolved. 
The data is being received in the controller method (/technology, POST).
Clean is required, the WBS Collapsible was muted for development work.

Things to do-
Unmute the collapsible, and make a Service Layer call from the TechnologyController to save user data in to the database.


5:32 PM 9/12/2013
The collapsible form is working! yay
User data is being saved to the database.
Ajax integration was not required. But it might be required for better UI functionality.

To do-
make the redirection after form submit to better page than "createProject" ( it loses the decorator in redirection )
Add cookie functionality so that data and collapsible can be persisted. 


4:57 PM 9/30/2013
The Create Project session store is complete. After clicking on the 'Create a Project' link, new project is inserted and persisted throughout the session.
KnightedWBS form is stored in the database. 

To do-
Ajax request to get the total hours. Get the total hours for the current project from the database.

5:02 PM 10/8/2013
Knighted WBS form is working completely. Project object is set into the session and used to store the WBS.

To do-
Ajax requests for getting total hours, validations

1:55 PM 10/16/2013

1. Find Project - Using search functionality, user can find existing projects. Only the project id search has been implemented.
Future developments - Make search multi-valued and dynamic query generation. 

2. Edit Project - Search query returns a project. This project can be edited using Edit. Edit will basically forward the Project
 object to create Project module. 
Future dev. - Populate all the tabs using given project info. and make it editable.

3. CSS Links in JSP - Added the configurable use of CSS. theme-plm.properties file stores the link for CSS under 'jquerystyle' attr.
Using MessageSource, it can be passed on to the JSP via the Controller. Only 'findProjectResult' View has been configured. Rest has 
to be done when time permits.

4. Username display - Display username on the right corner of all the screens

5. List current projects on the Home screen

6. DataTable integration for Home screen project grid; (Downgraded jQ version to 1.8.2)

